CASSANDRA-18124 Make keystore_password nullable (#2253)
apache/cassandra: NEWS.txt

     to TimeWindowCompactionStrategy before upgrading to this version.
   - The deprecated functions `dateOf` and `unixTimestampOf` have been removed. They were deprecated and replaced by
     `toTimestamp` and `toUnixTimestamp` in Cassandra 2.2.

>    - Keystore password configuration is nullable now and the code defaults of the keystore passwords to 'cassandra' are

Reviewer: @maulin-vasavada we should mention keystore as well as truststore passwords here. It would be also nice to mention what section these configuration parameters are found in.

Author: done

>      removed now. The deployments that depend upon the code default to this password value without explicitly specifying

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     removed. Any deployments that depend upon the code default to this password value without explicitly specifying
```

>      it in the cassandra.yaml would fail. Please specify your keystore passwords in the cassandra.yaml with appropriate

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     it in cassandra.yaml will fail on upgrade. Please specify your keystore_password and truststore_password elements in cassandra.yaml with appropriate
```

>      configuration to prevent such failure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     values to prevent this failure.
```
